Updated docs for AD mapper, ILM use case (#11471)
demisto/content: Packs/Active_Directory_Query/Integrations/Active_Directory_Query/README.md

1. Configure the "Incoming Mapper" with the name of the incoming mapper that you're using. ILM's default mapper is "User Profile - Active Directory (Incoming)".
2. Configure the "Outgoing Mapper" with the name of the outgoing mapper that you're using. ILM's default mapper is "User Profile - Active Directory (Outgoing)".

>     As part of the configuration of the mapper,  create a transformer that maps an attribute to the OU (organization unit) field. This is a required attribute for Active Directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > <i>Note:</i> As part of the configuration of the mapper, you must map a value to the OU (organizational unit) required field. To do this, create a transformer that maps a user attribute of your choice to an OU value.
```
